README.md, before:

# ember-mockdate-shim

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Ticketfly/ember-mockdate-shim.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Ticketfly/ember-mockdate-shim)

ES6 accessible module for [MockDate](https://github.com/boblauer/MockDate) within your Ember applications.

## Installation

`ember install ember-mockdate-shim`

## Usage

MockDate's `set` and `reset` methods are renamed to `freezeDateAt` and `unfreezeDate` respectively.

```js
import { freezeDateAt, unfreezeDate } from 'ember-mockdate-shim';

freezeDateAt(new Date('1/12/2017'));
unfreezeDate();
```

This is primarily useful for keeping the time data consistent between tests (ie: for visual diffs a la [Percy](https://percy.io/)). Any library methods that rely on `new Date()` will return consistent outputs. For example: [`moment()`](https://github.com/moment/moment/) and [`faker.date.recent`](https://github.com/Marak/faker.js/blob/master/lib/date.js#L66)

You can use this in the `beforeEach` and `afterEach` hooks of your tests, or anywhere else you want to freeze the date at, how ever many times you want!

For use cases outside of tests, keep in mind that the shim is not included in production builds. See [index.js](https://github.com/Ticketfly/ember-mockdate-shim/blob/master/index.js) for more info.


## Running

* `ember serve`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).

## Running Tests

* `yarn test` (Runs `ember try:each` to test your addon against multiple Ember versions)
* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

## Building

* `ember build`

For more information on using ember-cli, visit [https://ember-cli.com/](https://ember-cli.com/).

Commit message:

Add comment in readme about acceptance test support

README.md, after:

# ember-mockdate-shim

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Ticketfly/ember-mockdate-shim.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Ticketfly/ember-mockdate-shim)

ES6 accessible module for [MockDate](https://github.com/boblauer/MockDate) within your Ember applications.

## Installation

`ember install ember-mockdate-shim`

## Usage

MockDate's `set` and `reset` methods are renamed to `freezeDateAt` and `unfreezeDate` respectively.

```js
import { freezeDateAt, unfreezeDate } from 'ember-mockdate-shim';

freezeDateAt(new Date('1/12/2017'));
unfreezeDate();
```

This is primarily useful for keeping the time data consistent between tests (ie: for visual diffs a la [Percy](https://percy.io/)). Any library methods that rely on `new Date()` will return consistent outputs. For example: [`moment()`](https://github.com/moment/moment/) and [`faker.date.recent`](https://github.com/Marak/faker.js/blob/master/lib/date.js#L66)

You can use this in the `beforeEach` and `afterEach` hooks of your tests, or anywhere else you want to freeze the date at, how ever many times you want!

Please note that acceptance test support is only available in Ember >2.15.1 as that is when `backburner.js` introduced the ability to make "now" configurable. More info [here](https://github.com/BackburnerJS/backburner.js/commit/a6fe19eb26c2b7ed8360de19ca0cc9ae5b05f297).

For use cases outside of tests, keep in mind that the shim is not included in production builds. See [index.js](https://github.com/Ticketfly/ember-mockdate-shim/blob/master/index.js) for more info.


## Running

* `ember serve`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).

## Running Tests

* `yarn test` (Runs `ember try:each` to test your addon against multiple Ember versions)
* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

## Building

* `ember build`

For more information on using ember-cli, visit [https://ember-cli.com/](https://ember-cli.com/).
